Added build flag to disable pedantic builds (#13256)
ethereum/solidity: CMakeLists.txt

option(SOLC_LINK_STATIC "Link solc executable statically on supported platforms" OFF)
option(SOLC_STATIC_STDLIBS "Link solc against static versions of libgcc and libstdc++ on supported platforms" OFF)
option(STRICT_Z3_VERSION "Use the latest version of Z3" ON)

> option(DISABLE_WARNINGS "Disable all warning flags, treating warnings as errors and all other pedantic build flags" OFF) 

Reviewer: Technically this does not disable all warnings, just does not enable the extra warnings we normally want. What do you think about calling it `PEDANTIC` instead?

```suggestion
option(PEDANTIC "Enable extra warnings and pedantic build flags. Treat all warnings as errors." ON)
```

> option(DISABLE_WARNINGS "Disable all warning flags, treating warnings as errors and all other pedantic build flags" OFF) 

Reviewer: I think we should add a note about this flag to the docs page about [building from source](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/installing-solidity.html#building-from-source).

> option(DISABLE_WARNINGS "Disable all warning flags, treating warnings as errors and all other pedantic build flags" OFF) 

Reviewer: You have some trailing whitespace here:
```suggestion
option(DISABLE_WARNINGS "Disable all warning flags, treating warnings as errors and all other pedantic build flags" OFF)
```

That's why the `chk_coding_style` CI job is failing.

find_package(Threads)

if(DISABLE_WARNINGS)

>   message("-- Pedantic build flags turned off")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message("-- Pedantic build flags turned off. Warnings will not make compilation fail. This is NOT recommended in development builds.")
```

>   message("-- Pedantic build flags turned off. Warnings will not make compilation fail. This is NOT recommended in development builds.")

Reviewer 2: > "This is NOT recommended in development builds."

Shouldn't that NOT be recommended at all? It should probably say instead that this option should be only enabled when you know what you are doing - as in - "use with care!". What do you think?

Reviewer: IMO it really only matters for development. These are warnings, not errors and on top of that only those that don't happen in most configurations (or we'd catch them in CI)  so it's unlikely that they're harmful. The user building a release cannot do anything about them anyway.

Maybe we could just say that we recommend reporting warnings as issues in the repo?

Reviewer 3: Recommending to report an issue to us sounds good. Also unconditionally stating "This is NOT recommended." is ok with me, but also fine as is.
But we should at least make it a cmake warning, i.e. ``message(WARNING "...``.

Reviewer: Changed to a warning.
